# HyperChat

## Description

HyperChat is a drop-in, p2p chat feed, in the spirit of OG BitMEX, built for trading platforms on Hyperliquid, starting with the flagship HyperCore exchange.

The platform's market pages are assigned corresponding "Rooms". After signing-in with their wallets, chat participants can use .hl names they own on HyperEVM as handles & display flair according to trading stats, such as their PnL.

This allows markets to feel more fun & social without leaving the dApp.

## Client Setup

### 1. Install Depends

This project prefers `pnpm` for package management (`npm` also supported)

`pnpm install`

### 3. Build Extension

Run the build script to compile into the `dist/` directory: `pnpm build`

## Load in Chrome or Brave browser

To sideload the extension for development or use:

1.  Open Google Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions`.
2.  Enable "Developer mode" using the toggle switch in the top-right corner of the page.
3.  Click the "Load unpacked" button that appears.
4.  In the file selection dialog, choose the `dist` folder that was generated by the build script.

The extension icon should now appear in your browser's toolbar.

Navigate to a trading page on `app.hyperliquid.xyz` or click the extension icon to open the Side Panel.


## Server Setup

### 1. Set Env Vars

To provide the backend, either use a Node server providing Supabase (test mode) or a dockerized nwaku node (p2p mode).

Copy `.env.example` to `.env` in root, coolify, docker directories and fill in template variables for the particular connection config.

### 2. Run Server

Run the server to start the backend. `pnpm start`